There could be a one million Cardano (ADA) wallets created in 2021, The number of new ADA wallets has skyrocketed in the past month, with an average of 64 wallets created every hour between December 16 and January 4. 
SushiSwap (SUSHI) trading volumes hit fresh all-time high as DeFi market heats up, It appears that the decentralized finance (DeFi) boom is back after a multi-week hiatus. 
Ethereum (finally) takes the lead with a 25% rally as Bitcoin stalls at $33,000, While Ethereum appreciated over December, the leading altcoin has largely underperformed Bitcoin. 
Uniswap (UNI) and Yearn.finance (YFI) shoot over 10% higher despite Bitcoin rally, Uniswap’s and Yearn.finance’s native coins, UNI and YFI, are finally moving higher after an extended slump. 
Polkadot surges 67% in the past week—what’s behind DOT’s rally?, Polkadot (DOT) has increased by over 67% in the past week as the best-performing top 100 cryptocurrency in the last seven days. 
Two DeFi coins THORChain (RUNE) and REN break out of slumber with 10% rallies, DeFi altcoins have been hammered hard over the past few weeks despite immense strength in Bitcoin, which has subsequently been reflected in Ethereum’s price action. 
Even after 400% rally, analysts are still excited about DeFi protocol SushiSwap, SushiSwap’s native token SUSHI, even after the recent drop, is up strongly since the lows seen in October. 
XRP falls 17% as Ripple faces U.S. SEC action, The issuer of XRP tokens has come in the regulatory crosshairs for their alleged illegal distribution. 
Crypto Wall Street: Goldman Sachs to underwrite Coinbase IPO while JPMorgan says Bitcoin “overbought”, Wall Street is coming for crypto and how. 
Charlie Lee explains 45% Litecoin (LTC) rally in face of strong Bitcoin dominance run, Unlike what many traders expected, the past few weeks and months have been all about Bitcoin. 
Top Silicon Valley VC defends crypto amid proposal of controversial Treasury rule, Yesterday, the United States Treasury’s FinCEN branch confirmed that it is working on cracking down on crimes enabled by Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies. 
Crypto exchanges need to go all-in on security or risk becoming irrelevant, The security aspect of cryptocurrency exchanges remains an ongoing concern. 
IOHK continues Goguen momentum with the Allegra Cardano protocol update, Last week, IOHK successfully applied a change to the Cardano protocol that is set to bring token locking to the platform. 
JPMorgan calls Bitcoin institutional purchases a “milestone”, The multibillion US bank has made snide comments about Bitcoin in the past, but its tone is changing. 
Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak’s Ethereum-based crypto rallies another 100%, Everything Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak touches turns to gold, apparently. 
How this scammer “accidentally” sent $200k to Yearn.finance (YFI) founder Andre Cronje, In my time analyzing Ethereum addresses over the past few weeks, I’ve noticed an interesting trend: prominent funds such as Polychain Capital and prominent figures such as Andre Cronje, founder of Yearn.finance, regularly receive random coins from Uniswap. 
1% of all ETH is now staked on Ethereum 2.0’s beacon chain, Over 1% of Ethereum’s circulating supply is now locked up on the project’s new beacon chain, just one week after its launch. 
CEO of $10 billion fund expects Ethereum to gain Wall Street traction this year, Crypto adoption on Wall Street is booming. 
Crypto hedge fund CEO testifies to Washington State Senate about the challenges of regulating digital assets, Crypto regulations have proven to be a slippery slope so far, with governments around the world continuing to suppress the industry’s organic growth by instilling poor policies and a general disregard for cryptocurrencies. 
Bitcoin’s rally from $12,000 has been mostly driven by “institutional hunger”: data, Bitcoin has undergone a strong surge over the past two months that has brought it from the $11,000-12,000 range to new all-time highs just shy of $20,000. 
Why one analyst is concerned after Bitcoin tapped new all-time highs yesterday, Bitcoin tapped new all-time highs on top exchanges yesterday, reaching $19,950 in some markets. 
Are you really SAFU? The “coldest” crypto wallet wants to know, “Coldest” crypto wallet brand NGRAVE has launched a questionnaire campaign for crypto investors as the broader market picks up. 
Wanna win a Bitcoin? Challenger bank Revolut is making that possible this Black Friday, It’s the festive season and that time of the year where new deals, business offers, discounts, buy one get two free, and (err..and even scams?) offers light up internet buyers around the world. 
BTC dumps as Coinbase CEO mentions potential US regulations for crypto wallets, Veterans will say it’s the same story in a different dress. 
Ethereum wicks under $500 on top futures exchange as market (finally) sags, The crypto market has developed massively since 2017 and 2018, with the introduction of complex derivatives products, regulation, and liquidity through prominent market makers like Jump Trading and Alameda. 
“Bitcoin shortage”: PayPal bought 70% of all mined BTC last month, Crypto hedge fund Pantera Capital revealed global payments processor PayPal purchased over 70% of all Bitcoin mined in the past month, as per an investor letter published last week. 
Why a Citibank analyst is calling a $318k target for Bitcoin, The banks are borderline following the playbook created by Bitcoin and cryptocurrency believers in the past few years: Deny all ties to the asset class at first, try to disallow clients from banking crypto profits to their accounts then, and wholeheartedly embracing the sector later. 
Wall Street veteran Michael Novogratz held over 30,000 Bitcoin and 500,000 Ethereum at one point, Ever wondered how much cryptocurrency Wall Street veteran Mike Novogratz owns (or at least owned)? In a recent podcast, he recently answered this question and also revealed his thoughts about the Bitcoin and broader crypto market. 
One of China’s biggest banks is allowing investors to buy bonds with Bitcoin, China Construction Bank (CCB), one of the country’s “big four” financial players, is planning to raise up to $3 billion from a sale of bonds that individuals and institutions can trade in and out of using Bitcoin and the US dollar, financial publication WSJ reported Wednesday. 
1.1m XRP stolen in phishing scam on crypto wallet Ledger lookalike, Crypto scams and attacks are on the rise once again as the broader sector breaks out of a nearly three-year-long bear market. 
The challenges of large-scale crypto mining, It’s the question every business asks at some point: How do I scale? But crypto mining isn’t just any other business and comes with its own set of scaling issues to consider. 
$TRUMP zooms to top-performing prediction market crypto amidst US elections, $BIDEN falls 50%, Two Ethereum-based prediction markets on crypto exchange FTX saw activity reach record levels yesterday as the US elections went underway. 
How Marlowe Playground rounds up all of the work being done on Cardano’s Goguen, Today’s release of Marlowe Playground marks an important milestone for Cardano—the beginning of its Goguen era. 
This WordPress plugin will allow authors to timestamp content on the Ethereum blockchain, Amsterdam-based WordProof announced today it will allow customers to timestamp content on the Ethereum blockchain, it said during the BlockDown Conference 2020 on October 22. 
Akon’s Akoin partners with Roll to allow creators to launch their own “social money”, Akoin, the cryptocurrency and decentralized app ecosystem developed by popular music artist Akon, has partnered with Roll, a blockchain platform that enables creators to develop their own branded digital currency (called social money) unique to their online presence. 
Silicon Valley will create an Ethereum & DeFi bubble: Analyst, Ethereum’s decentralized finance (DeFi) space has seen exponential growth over the past few months. 
Asset manager: Activist investors may save Ethereum DeFi token Curve (CRV) as token price hits all-time lows, Curve is by far one of the most popular platforms used for stablecoin swaps, cross-chain interoperability, and synthetic assets. 
After helping Yearn.finance to $1b, Blue Kirby called it quits. But now he’s back, As crazy as it may sound, one of the most talked-about figures in the Ethereum and DeFi space over recent weeks has been a pseudonymous user called Blue Kirby. 
Prominent Silicon Valley investor Naval doesn’t think Bitcoin goes to $3k again, Legendary venture capitalist investor Naval Ravikant recently took to The Tim Ferris Show, an extremely popular podcast about business and self-betterment. 
Square allocates one percent of its total assets to Bitcoin, Square Inc has announced today that it has purchased 4,709 BTC for approximately $50 million, allocating around 1 percent of its total assets as of Q2 2020 to Bitcoin. 
CFTC charges BitMEX with illegally operating an unregistered trading platform, The United States Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) has charged the owners of BitMEX with operating an unregistered trading platform and violating multiple CFTC regulations, including failing to meet required AML procedures. 
Not all Ethereum users are excited to stake on ETH2’s Beacon Chain, The launch of Ethereum 2’s first phase (a.k.a. 
What is Pickle Finance? New Ethereum DeFi craze rallies 1,000% in one day, It appears that decentralized finance (DeFi) has not peaked despite a deluge of scammy projects and clear copy-cats of popular protocols. 
Ethereum rally sparks renewed hopes for a continuation of the DeFi bull run, Ethereum has seen some incredibly strong price action throughout the past 24-hours, which has allowed it to erase a good bulk of its recent losses. 
Blockchain data: Ethereum’s Yearn.finance (YFI) has room to rally after record rally, Even amid the ongoing Bitcoin and Ethereum correction, which has brought the two cryptocurrencies down 11 percent and 19 percent from their local highs, respectively, Yearn.finance (YFI) has held up well. 
Bitcoin dominance falls as Ethereum, DeFi dominate the crypto market, The ongoing frenzy in the decentralized finance (DeFi) focused crypto market has led to industry leader Bitcoin lose its “dominance” by a significant percentage, data on tracking site CoinMarketCap shows. 
Ethereum DeFi giant Yearn.finance (YFI) is literally up 1,000,000% since its July launch, Yearn.finance (YFI) has taken the entire crypto industry by storm over recent weeks. 
Ethereum competitor Polkadot hits $3.5b valuation: what’s fueling the rally? [UPDATED], Polkadot (DOT), a blockchain protocol founded by Ethereum co-creator Gavin Wood, achieved a $3.5 billion market capitalization. 
Ethereum fees rocket to new all-time highs as DeFi sector extends momentum, Ethereum fees have seen unprecedented growth in recent weeks, which has been driven by rocketing demand for block space on the network. 
Forget YAM, Ethereum DeFi’s hottest new craze is Based—literally, Just 24 hours after it launched, a new Ethereum decentralized finance protocol called Yam Finance has received deposits of over $400 million worth of altcoins like Wrapped Ethereum and Yearn.finance. 
How to stake ADA from your Cardano Yoroi wallet, Staking Cardano (ADA) from Yoroi is an easy and straightforward process, very similar to staking your funds from Daedalus. 
Coinbase to allow Americans to take cash loans with Bitcoin collateral, US crypto exchange Coinbase is going all out with its crypto offerings ahead of a purported bull run, listing DeFi projects, in-demand altcoins, and now a product for loans using one’s Bitcoin. 
Chainlink rallies to fresh highs of $16, but data reveals mounting selling pressure, Chainlink’s price has flashed signs of intense strength in recent weeks, with each pullback being aggressively bought by bulls. 
Zeus Capital asserts Chainlink will “dump” despite LINK rallying to $10, While Bitcoin and Ethereum have stagnated at local highs, Chainlink (LINK) has been pressing higher and higher over recent days. 
Litecoin “active” wallets jump ahead of Bitcoin Cash and BSV, Litecoin — long called the digital silver to Bitcoin — is seeing a rise in activity ahead of its MimbleWimble implementation in September this year. 
Whales hold steady: On-exchange Bitcoin supply stagnates despite rally past $11k, The investor sentiment surrounding Bitcoin has been completely altered by the price action seen throughout the past few days. 
XRP needs to rally over 1,500% to reach its all-time high of $3.50, After months of stagnation, crypto bulls are back. 
Bitcoin’s explosive rally liquidates over $300M; Strikes major blow to bears, Bitcoin has been subjected to some immense volatility throughout the past few days that ultimately allowed it to set fresh yearly highs earlier today. 
A new Ethereum DeFi token is literally up 100,000% in a week: VC, After a parabolic rally, the Ethereum decentralized finance (DeFi) market experienced a blow-off top over the past week. 
eToro: Crypto “finally” has a use case, and it’s not DeFi or Bitcoin, A new report jointly-published by eToro and The TIE laid out their research on the cryptocurrency landscape for Q2 of 2020. 
As Hong Kong banks censor millionaires for pro-democracy ties, Coinbase CEO calls for open finance, Accredited investors in Hong Kong are facing scrutiny from wealth managers and banks globally — the latter searching for investor ties to a pro-democracy narrative. 
Should history rhyme, XRP may surge after XLM’s rally on Samsung partnership, Despite strong rallies in countless altcoins, the fourth-largest cryptocurrency XRP has yet to share in the gains. 
Analyst: XRP’s inability to rally as many altcoins go parabolic is a “remarkable” feat, Countless crypto assets have been on a tear over the past few weeks. 
Strong fundamentals mean Cardano (ADA) could keep up with its July rally, Cardano, now the sixth-largest cryptocurrency by market cap, could see its current upward momentum last for quite a while without seeing any major consolidation. 
External forces are stopping Bitcoin from rallying despite on-chain strength, Bitcoin has been flashing signs of intense fundamental strength throughout the past several weeks and months, with the turbulent price action seen throughout the first half of 2020 doing little to hamper this strength. 
Major developments are happening at Chainlink as LINK reaches all-time high, Chainlink (LINK) has seen a huge influx of new money lately, with its native cryptocurrency LINK reaching an all-time high of $8.23. 
Bityard Review: Singapore’s fully-compliant exchange wants to make margin trading crypto simple and accessible to all, A new cryptocurrency exchange is capitalizing on the market gaps that other trading participants have failed to fulfill, while promising market-leading execution tools and institutional-level liquidity for users. 
Cardano parent signs a custody agreement with Coinbase to allow ADA staking, IOHK, the company behind the Cardano blockchain, has announced that it had signed an agreement with Coinbase Custody. 
DeFi-favorite Ethereum wallet MetaMask gets Version 8 update, new features, Popular non-custodial wallet MetaMask announced it will roll out a Version 8 update for the wallet in the coming weeks, promising increased privacy, a better UI, and other user-centric features. 
Here’s what on-chain data is saying about Cardano’s 15% rally, Cardano (ADA) has been on a hot streak as of late, incurring intense upwards momentum that has allowed it to garner a trend independent of the aggregated crypto market. 
Chainlink sets fresh all-time highs on news of Chinese oracle integration, Chainlink’s price has been caught within an intense uptrend over the past couple of days that has allowed it to set fresh all-time highs. 
Cardano Founder Hoskinson: Five years of painstaking work is finally come together all at once, Cardano (founder) Charles Hoskinson discussed the time and effort that has been put into developing Cardano, saying that the bulk of the work needed to launch it has already been done, in an interview with Messari’s Ryan Selkis. 
Cardano fundamentals get a boost as analysts call for fresh uptrend, Cardano (ADA) has been caught within a firm consolidation phase alongside Bitcoin and most other major altcoins. 
Expectations of a Chainlink rally subside as on-chain trend sparks fear, Chainlink has seen mixed price action in recent times, struggling to garner any notable upwards momentum despite hovering less than 20% below its previously established all-time highs. 
Kraken CEO: Bitcoin will eventually surpass gold’s $10 trillion market cap, Bitcoin may still be trading more than 50 percent below its $20,000 all-time high but that hasn’t stopped investors and executives in the space from looking ahead, guessing what comes next for the asset. 
Ethereum’s Vitalik Buterin challenges forecast saying the halving may boost Bitcoin’s price, joining stock-to-flow critics, If you were to ask a Bitcoin investor what makes the cryptocurrency valuable, they would likely say something about the cryptocurrency’s block reward “halvings.” Every four years, the number of BTC issued per block gets cut in half, resulting in an effective 50 percent reduction in the inflation rate of the cryptocurrency. 
There’s now 3.0M Bitcoin wallets holding over 0.1 BTC; Pointing to mass retail accumulation, Bitcoin’s bout of consolidation has caused investors to grow increasingly fearful that its recent multi-month uptrend is in peril. 
Number of Cardano addresses holding ADA hits a fresh all-time high: on-chain strength, After an influx of positive fundamental catalysts pertaining to Cardano, the growth in the price of ADA has slowed over the past few days, with the asset consolidating around $0.085.  This is approximately a dozen percent below the local highs of $0.095. 
Cardano’s (ADA) Shelley public testnet set to open for all pool operators on June 9, A new phase for Shelley is about to begin, as the testnet for Cardano’s staking era will be open to all stake pool operators on June 9. 
As data shows Bitcoin miners are done selling BTC, crypto fund manager calls it a bullish sign, Weeks after Bitcoin’s now-concluded halving event, data collated by on-chain analytics firm Glassnode shows “weaker” miners might have sold all their digital holdings. 
Analyst: Ethereum’s rocketing usage rates could fuel an explosive rally, Ethereum has seen a stark divergence between its technical outlook and its fundamental strength throughout the past year. 
Former People’s Bank of China deputy governor calls Bitcoin a “commercial success”, Despite China’s reluctance to regulate cryptocurrencies in the country, many anecdotes suggest higher officials both understand and acknowledge the potential of a digital currency-based economy. 
Top strategist says if Bitcoin doesn’t rally now, something needs to go “really wrong”, Bitcoin has been on a sharp recovery since the March lows of $3,700. 
Neo becomes the founding board member of InterWork Alliance, joining Microsoft, IBM, Nasdaq , Blockchain platform Neo has announced that it has joined the InterWork Alliance (IWA) as a founding board member. 
DeFi on track to become “liquidity blackhole” absorbing all idle assets: Ethereum investor, Decentralized finance (DeFi) may be one of crypto’s foremost use cases, but as it stands it has seen limited adoption. 
Early Bitcoin advocate explains how falling oil markets mean profits for America and China BTC miners, The world’s equity, fuel, and bonds markets have entered into uncertain and volatile periods — driven on the back of unstable trade wars, changing fundamentals, and the ongoing coronavirus pandemic. 
China: Parliament passes law allowing inheritance of Bitcoin and cryptocurrencies; a changing crypto narrative?, China’s secretive stance on digital currencies is starting to reveal traces of long-term aspirations. 
One of Bitcoin’s earliest developers suggests crypto trading is all speculation and no tech, The volatility of cryptocurrency markets is well-documented and definitely not for the faint-hearted — 100x leverage, double-digit percentage drops in a single trading session, and small-cap altcoins “mooning” hundreds of dollars under an hour lead many to the crypto market under the guise of an early-adopter. 
Slow and steady, but Cardano’s Shelley was built diligently and systematically, Charles Hoskinson discussed the effort that went into building Shelley, the upcoming staking era of the Cardano blockchain. 
Ex-Goldman Sachs exec: Whether the US dollar falls or rallies, Bitcoin will explode higher, For the longest time, a common narrative in the Bitcoin market has been that if the United States dollar rallies, the price of BTC will fall — just as the price of gold normally trends higher on a weak dollar. 
Despite ongoing rally, OmiseGo would need to rally over 1,400% to reclaim highs, OmiseGo – a relatively small crypto with a market cap of $261 million – has been caught within the throes of a parabolic uptrend over the past several days. 
MakerDAO founder: Ethereum is a vacuum that will suck in almost “all value” in crypto, This week, millions of dollars worth of Wrapped Bitcoin — the leading representation of BTC on the Ethereum blockchain — were deposited into decentralized stablecoin protocol MakerDAO to generate $4 million worth of the DAI stablecoin. 
Bitcoin sees declining network health despite price rally towards $10,000, Bitcoin’s macro uptrend seen throughout the past two months has now led it to enter a consolidation phase as it struggles to surmount $10,000. 
CEO: DeFi gives Ethereum a “higher ceiling” to rally towards than 2017’s bull run, While Ethereum was rolled out with the branding of being “The World Computer” capable of doing effectively anything that could be coded, the project arguably didn’t have a killer use case until recently. 
Factors behind a Wall Street veteran’s forecast that Bitcoin will hit $20,000 in 2020, Bitcoin may be up over 100 percent since the $3,700 lows seen in March, but the cryptocurrency remains far below its all-time high of $20,000 — established in December 2017 at the peak of the last market bubble. 
XRP users can now fully delete crypto wallets, thanks to new Ripple update, In a first for the cryptocurrency market, a community-consensus for Ripple last week approved an amendment to the XRP ledger, allowing users to delete existing wallets. 
Michael Novogratz: We should be valuing Ethereum like Wall Street values Facebook, With cryptocurrencies, there are no cash flow statements or balance sheets an investor can analyze to get a good sense of their intrinsic value. 
Paul Tudor Jones calls Bitcoin the “fastest horse” as he reveals holding BTC futures to hedge against massive inflation, Multibillion-dollar fund manager Paul Tudor Jones II revealed this week his firm is holding Bitcoin to protect against inflation in the future. 
Bitcoin’s boom against altcoins proves the rally to $9,000 is legitimate, Bitcoin and cryptocurrencies have experienced a massive surge over the past 10 days. 
Cardano (ADA) is looking to challenge subscription industry, launches African initiative, Cardano (ADA), an ambitious blockchain project developed by IOHK, is looking to challenge the subscription industry with its Ouroboros protocol. 
Even after 94% crash, analyst warns XRP may not ever rally again: here’s why, Ever since the highs of the 2017-2018 bull market, XRP has not done too well. 
A popular pricing model estimates that Bitcoin will reach new all-time highs this year, One particular pricing model, which has gained popularity over the years after accurately predicting the price of Bitcoin, estimates that the flagship cryptocurrency is going to go ballistic after the upcoming halving. 
On-chain data: Chainlink (LINK) is vulnerable to stark drop after 150% rally, Like other cryptocurrencies, Chainlink has embarked on a stunning recovery over the weeks since March’s capitulation event on March 12th. 
Data shows retail demand for Bitcoin is rapidly mounting, even after 100% rally, Even after the recent tepid price action Bitcoin remains 86 percent above its $3,700 lows set in March’s “Black Thursday” crash. 
Bitcoin’s perfect storm: A Wall Street giant expects a “new world order”, Although Bitcoin investors expected disruption, what has transpired over the few weeks in the global economy has been wholly unexpected, even by some of the most radical thinkers. 
Bitcoin dives 8% as S&P 500 futures see tepid open after strong rally, The rally, unfortunately, did not last for long. 
Last time this on-chain trend occurred, Bitcoin rallied over 4,000%, Although Bitcoin has stalled dramatically since February’s $10,500 peak, data shows that large cryptocurrency investors have been unfazed. 
Model that predicts 1,300% Bitcoin price rally after halving “fortified” by new report, If you have followed the Bitcoin market for any stretch of time, you likely know of PlanB, a pseudonymous quantitative analyst that has garnered immense clout in the crypto-asset space. 
What’s really going on with Tether’s exploding supply? Crypto exec tells all, Despite the strong downturn seen in the crypto markets, epitomized by Bitcoin’s 50 percent decline that transpired on March 12, the amount of Tether’s USDT stablecoin in existence has exploded. 
Trading veteran says Bitcoin could be in “big trouble” if it doesn’t rally, Prominent analysts believe that Bitcoin’s fate will depend on how it performs during the ongoing financial crisis, but on-chain metrics reveal that there is significant resistance ahead. 
Yesterday’s stock market rally leaves Bitcoin in the dust as critics rejoice, The United States stock market has had a great past few days, with all of the benchmark indices rallying as bulls attempt to establish a long-term bottom. 
XRP is erasing “months of underperformance” as bulls fuel 8% rally; here’s what you need to know, XRP is currently in the process of posting a notable rally that has allowed it to outperform Bitcoin and most other major cryptocurrencies, with the embattled token’s bulls attempting to catalyze some much-needed upwards momentum. 
PrimeXBT launches new PrimeXBT Turbo Platform to all users, PrimeXBT, a Bitcoin-based margin trading platform offering up to 1000x leverage across forex, stock indices, commodities, and cryptocurrencies, has now opened up its innovative, new PrimeXBT Turbo platform to all users, providing an opportunity to generate as much as 90 percent profit in 30 seconds. 
The crypto market is hanging on by a thread according to this chart, but all hope isn’t lost, It’s been a rough past few weeks for the crypto market, with the Coronavirus-induced turbulence in the global markets catalyzing an intense and far-reaching selloff that has devastated traditional markets and nascent ones alike. 
Bitcoin price rises to $6,900: a point that kickstarted the last rally to $10,000, The Bitcoin price spiked to $6,900 on the day, rising to as high as $6,946 on BitMEX. 
TF Blockchain announces all day live-stream interviews with top crypto speakers, TF Blockchain, one of the leading blockchain and fintech conferences in the Pacific Northwest, recently announced that it postponed its conference due to the coronavirus outbreak. 
Bitcoin isn’t out of the woods yet despite Friday’s stock market rally, The turbulence seen within the stock market over the past several weeks has sent shockwaves across virtually all markets, leading Bitcoin and other digital assets to post unprecedented losses throughout the past several days and weeks. 
900-Point Dow Futures upsurge triggers a massive Bitcoin rally, The Bitcoin price has recovered from $3,600 to over $5,200, recording a 44 percent recovery within merely hours. 
Burgers, beers and Bitcoin: This crypto-friendly cafe in Spain has it all, If you thought your local Starbucks or WeWork were great places for connecting with friends and colleagues, imagine being surrounded by truly like-minded people united by a common passion. 
Why India’s unban of crypto isn’t triggering a Bitcoin rally like 2019’s “Xi Pump”, India’s Supreme Court released the long-awaited ruling on the crypto ban imposed by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) in favor of the cryptocurrency industry. 
Early adopters called Bitcoin the “future of money” 9 years ago; it’s up 10,000x since, Bitcoin is now worth $161 billion, with strong infrastructure established by the world’s largest financial institutions and conglomerates in the likes of Fidelity, CME, and Square. 
Near-majority of Ethereum holders in profit as Grayscale investors increasingly allocate to ETH, According to crypto analytics firm IntoTheBlock, 43 percent of ETH addresses are in profit with the Ethereum spot and derivatives markets seeing explosive growth in key metrics, making the second-largest crypto one of the top-10’s biggest showstoppers this year. 
An “OG” Bitcoin holder shilled an altcoin a conference, and nobody is all too pleased, Last weekend, some of the world’s most outspoken Bitcoin proponents and analysts descended on Las Vegas. 
Data shows Chainlink network is growing exponentially as its community becomes more optimistic, The Chainlink network is growing at an exponential rate, according to data from IntoTheBlock. 
Analyst: Ethereum may see intense rally after piercing this technical resistance, Ethereum (ETH) has seen some mixed price action over the past week, with the cryptocurrency previously finding some stability around $280 before plummeting below $250 in tandem with Bitcoin’s crash below $10,000. 
According to this analyst, the catalyst behind Tesla’s rally may also fuel a massive Bitcoin uptrend, Bitcoin has seen some intense parabolic cycles in the time since its genesis, and Tesla stock’s recent rally has shown some striking similarities to that of BTC’s previous movements – but there is one key difference. 
IOTA takes a nosedive following Trinity wallet hack, A vulnerability in Trinity, IOTA’s official wallet, has been exploited resulting in the theft of millions of dollars worth of this cryptocurrency. 
Major European football league club FC Barcelona unites with Chiliz digital currency platform, In a move that can only serve to further adoption of cryptocurrency, major European football league club FC Barcelona today announced a new partnership with blockchain platform Chiliz. 
Acting legend William Shatner is crypto’s latest ally, Actor William Shatner, best known for his portrayal of Captain Kirk in the Star Trek franchise, is the latest celebrity to join the crypto bandwagon. 
Three non-custodial crypto wallets to try in 2020, Putting money into cryptocurrencies has never been easier than today, but keeping your crypto funds safe is getting harder. 
Data shows retail investors are frantically accumulating Bitcoin, Bitcoin’s firm 2020 uptrend has sparked a sense of “FOMO” amongst cryptocurrency investors who are keeping their eyes on a plethora of different fundamental factors that could catalyze an intense BTC bull rally in the year ahead. 
Handshake mainnet goes live allowing anyone to own top-level domains and earn in decentralized fashion, Handshake, a Proof-of-Work DNS protocol spearheaded by the co-creator of Bitcoin’s Lightning Network, has launched its mainnet in its bid to decentralize trusted Certificate Authorities and replace authoritative bodies like ICANN that govern top-level domains (TLDs) like “ dot com” and “.org.” The project has maintained a low profile since debuting in August 2018, when news broke […]
Bakkt open interest hits all-time-high as futures traders continue to bet on Bitcoin buy streak, As Bitcoin closed out its best January in seven years, open interest rocketed to a new all-time high on Bakkt’s physically-settled Bitcoin futures market, and institutional traders on CME Group looked to position themselves for higher highs. 
Here’s why Bitcoin could obsolete the U.S. dollar, euro, and all fiat, For years, the primary use case of Bitcoin has been debated. 
Bitcoin has all 5 technical and fundamental elements for a proper full-blown rally, The Bitcoin price is up 45 percent in the past month and a half. 
MyEtherWallet adds “.crypto” email-style naming feature for personalized ETH addresses, MyEtherWallet (MEW) users are now able to send and receive ETH and ERC-20 tokens using their own personalized “human-readable” address instead of the standard 42-character public key.  Unique addresses can be created on MEW in the form of “[name].crypto,” powered by Unstoppable Domains, a blockchain registry startup funded by Draper Associates and the Ethereum Foundation. 
A quarter of Brits call for teaching crypto at schools amid fears of a recession, Around 24 percent of British workers believe cryptocurrencies should be a subject taught in schools across the country. 
No, gold bug Peter Schiff’s Bitcoin wallet did not “corrupt”, If you were around on Crypto Twitter last week, you likely remember Peter Schiff—CEO of Euro Pacific Capital and a long-time skeptic of Bitcoin—was all the rage on the weekend; I opened up my timeline and Schiff’s name appeared again and again and again. 
Report: Small price change in Bitcoin could trigger a bull market, The latest Coin Metrics report found that about 72 percent of all Bitcoin in circulation now has unrealized gains. 
Ethereum’s consolidation trend may turn into a full-blown bull rally if it breaks this key level, Ethereum has been able to begin gaining some tempered momentum following its recent drop to lows of $162, as ETH has now pushed its way back up towards the $170 region. 
Bitcoin Cash appears to be leading the altcoin markets; is a major rally brewing?, The aggregated crypto markets have been subjected to the volatility experienced by Bitcoin over the past several days, which has primarily favored bears. 
Bitcoin’s hash rate reaches all-time high after a major difficulty adjustment, While many analysts predicted Bitcoin’s mining difficulty will rise around 8 percent, few believed it would continue to increase at the same pace in the days following the adjustment. 
Vechain CEO says China banning crypto trading is actually a good thing, In a recent interview where he gave an update about the current state of Vechain, Sunny Lu said that China made the right decision when it banned cryptocurrency trading That way, he said, the country eliminated all of the “bad guys” in the space and is now able to facilitate the development of blockchain technologies […]
All indicators point at rapidly growing Bitcoin institutional adoption, The rise of institutional adoption was one of the main narratives for Bitcoin in 2019. 
Bitcoin blasts through key resistance as analysts eye potentially major upside, Bitcoin is currently in the process of breaking out of its recent consolidation phase, as BTC’s bulls are pushing the crypto up towards its key resistance levels around the $8,300 region. 
Crypto markets rally as Bitcoin flashes bullish signs; is altseason upon us?, Bitcoin’s uptrend throughout the first ten days of 2020 has allowed most major altcoins to put some distance between their current prices and their recent lows. 
EOS may still rally despite low platform usage, according to this analyst, EOS, like most major altcoins, is currently caught in a short-term downtrend that has come about as a result of Bitcoin’s recent rejection at $8,400. 
IOTA releases a “burner wallet” while its price hits 2017 levels, The IOTA Foundation is launching a new web wallet for users to manage low amounts of funds without compromising their data. 
Futures data suggests latest Bitcoin rally is just short-covering, most Bakkt contracts aren’t being settled, A massive drop in open interest on the CME and Bakkt Bitcoin futures contracts indicates short-covering has fueled BTC’s latest rally, likely egged on by the expiry of Bakkt’s December contract. 
Yale Economics Professors advocate for Bitcoin portfolio allocation, Analysts have long pointed to Bitcoin’s lack of mainstream credibility as one primary factor that has been stunting its growth, but this appears to be shifting, as prominent economics professors at a major Ivy League university are now advocating for all investors to allocate Bitcoin and a handful of major altcoins to their investment portfolios. 
OKEx ranks first in terms of YTD returns among all exchange tokens, Despite the massive downturn in the cryptocurrency market, some of the native utility tokens from the top exchanges in the world were able to keep most of the gains they made over the past year. 
Ethereum locked in DeFi hits all-time high, total deposits up 22,400 percent in two years, The amount of Ethereum locked in Decentralized Finance (DeFi) has hit an all-time-high after one of the most explosive months for deposits on record and is now up 22,400 percent since December 2017. 
RTrade CEO talks Interplanetary File System (IPFS) – potential applications, challenges of good user experience for crypto/web3 devs, ETH 2.0 & ENS Domains, Derrick Foote is a Canadian web 3 entrepreneur dedicated to helping build Web 3 with trust and transparency, giving back data freedom and control online to the users. 
Germany proposes bill to allow banks to deal in cryptocurrency in 2020, here’s what this will mean [UPDATED], The federal parliament of Germany has drafted a bill that, if enacted, will allow banks to become custodians and merchants of cryptocurrency in 2020, German business newspaper Handelsblatt reported Wednesday. 
TV report in China says Binance’s Shanghai “office” was actually a call center, According to Dovey Wan, a founding partner at Primitive Ventures, a local TV station in Shanghai reported that the “office” of Binance in Shanghai was a call center operated by Babi Finance. 
XRP, EOS, and ADA dive 8%: Will the total crypto market cap drop further after 27% fall?, The price of XRP, EOS, Cardano (ADA), and other major cryptocurrencies have dropped by more than eight percent on the day, causing the total crypto market cap to fall by 27 percent in merely two months. 
Where Bitcoin is going next according to the trader who called plunge to $6,700, In June, when Bitcoin was soaring above $10,000, nearly every trader and their mother expected the cryptocurrency to continue rocketing higher. 
How XRP may have crucially avoided a much bigger price drop this weekend, Since 2017, the price of XRP has held up well above an important long-term support level at $0.19. 
Nash CTO talks the benefits of trading on a self-custody DEX and challenges of building a user experience for crypto, CryptoSlate recently had the opportunity to chat with Ethan Fast, the CTO and co-founder of Nash Exchange, a self-custody DEX that has been gaining solid traction and attention over the past few months. 
Could Linux help overcome blockchain’s usability challenge?, 2019 has been a good year for Bitcoin and cryptocurrencies. 
Bybit CEO talks challenges of building a derivatives exchange and why Singapore is the blockchain hub of Southeast Asia, CryptoSlate recently had the chance to interview Ben Zhou, the CEO and co-founder of Bybit, a crypto derivates exchange platform located in Singapore. 
Hackathon winner Sheetcoin offers an Ethereum wallet on Google Sheets, The winner of this year’s Ethereum hackathon, Sheetcoin, is a bold project that turned Google Sheets into an Ethereum wallet, enabling users to send ERC20 tokens to any Gmail address directly from their browser. 
“Co-Founder of Bitcoin” returns to Twitter, calls critics blind, After disappearing off the face of the Internet, Jörg Molt—the latest individual to have claimed to have been involved in the creation of Bitcoin—is back on Twitter. 
November has historically been Bitcoin’s best performing month; will this one be different?, According to James Todaro, Managing Partner at Blocktown Capital, November has been one of the best performing months for Bitcoin. 
As Bitcoin spikes $2,500 in 1 day, analyst says the bear trend is technically over, According to global markets analyst Alex Krüger, the bear trend of Bitcoin is technically over after its abrupt and massive rally. 
Bitcoin breaks $8,000 support and falls to $7,500, The Bitcoin price continues to deteriorate, dropping another $500 to $7,500 per BTC. 
Ethereum plummets 6% after Bitcoin falls overnight: what’s causing the drop?, The Ethereum price (ETH) has dropped by nearly six percent within a 12-hour span following Bitcoin’s overnight three percent slip from $8,200 to $7,960. 
Opera Browser announces TRON wallet integration, For many cryptocurrency supporters, 2019 will be remembered for the sector’s resurgence and the improved usability of crypto assets. 
Bitcoin is approaching $1 billion in all-time transaction fees, $15 billion in miner fees, Bitcoin is nearing $1 billion in total, all-time transaction fees and $15 billion in all-time miner revenue, according to Coin Metrics’ latest State of the Network report. 
Next release of Electrum wallet to support Bitcoin lightning payments, Electrum, one of the most popular Bitcoin wallets, announced that its next release will support Lightning payments. 
Twitter isn’t tired of Bitcoin even though hashtags are at an all-time low, Bitcoin mentions on Twitter hit an all-time low, dropping to around 8,300. 
Bitcoin breaks below $8,000 as free fall continues, Bitcoin continues ripping through major support, breaching the $8,000-level support within the last hour. 
Bakkt Bitcoin futures launch volumes 75 times smaller than CME’s first day, The first day of Bakkt’s Bitcoin futures saw less than 2 percent of the CME’s debut day trading volume, prompting speculation over whether the highly anticipated contract will deliver on its mission of being a “key piece of infrastructure” in the cryptocurrency market. 
Binance.US officially launches, introduces fiat on-ramp and opens deposits for Cardano, Basic Attention Token, Ethereum Classic, Stellar and 0x, Binance US, the United States branch of the world’s largest cryptocurrency exchange, officially launched its digital asset marketplace. 
Popularity of Bitcoin in China consistently rises in 2019, fueled by 150% rally, The popularity of the keyword Bitcoin on major search engines in China has been on the rise since early 2019 following the strong rally of the bitcoin price. 
Half of all Tether trading volume happens on one obscure exchange, One obscure exchange dominates half of all Tether trading volumes. 
Ethereum rallies against Bitcoin fueled by strong fundamentals, Ethereum is seeing an outstanding rally against Bitcoin—fueled by strong network fundamentals—while the overall altcoin market sees some relief after months of bleeding. 
Bitcoin SegWit transactions hit a new all-time high, Segregated Witness (SegWit) transactions are on the rise and recently hit a new all-time high. 
Traders anticipate strong Ethereum recovery after 17% rally in 10 days, The Ethereum price has increased from $165 to $194 within a 10-day span, breaking out with strength in a larger time frame for the first time in a month against both bitcoin and the USD. 
Ongoing EOSIO exploit allows attacker to gain 30,000 EOS as network freezes, An ongoing exploit on EOSIO is allowing an attacker to win every roll on gambling dApp EOSPlay by paying to fill blocks with their transactions. 
Trust Wallet enables FIO Addresses making it easier to transact in cryptos, Trust Wallet, a secured multi-cryptocurrency wallet, announced that it will enable a feature that lets its clients simplify their blockchain public addresses. 
Developer creates a stateless DIY Bitcoin hardware wallet for $110, A Bitcoin developer has built a stateless, QR-air-gapped Bitcoin hardware wallet that allows users to send, receive, and hold their Bitcoin funds. 